from zero to low trader in 30 days.
Today plus $1,429.
In the first two days of live trading,
we validate our strategy is working
correctly. The first day we lost $100.
Second day, we made $232. Today, on day
three, we made $1,429.
I haven't modified our strategy, but
given the fact we verified that our
strategy is working correctly [music]
and we have the risk under control, I
was comfortable increasing our position
sizing from 1 to five micro contracts.
This way we were able to take advantage
of the strong up trending market over
the past couple of days speeding up the
competition of the valuation [music]
challenge. Easy is what means having the
control over what you're doing. And
remember, you have access to learn all
of these only for the next 3